Release 2.4.2 (#1209)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/2.4.2.md

## Bug fixes

> - Enhancing the resilience of the API Gateway Module operator through optimizations and bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhance the resilience of the API Gateway module's operator through optimizations and bug fixes.
```
